ENERGY-PUSH
Release 1.0 – November 2011
By Enrico Tomassoli - enricotomassoli@gmail.com

The Energy-Push program, short for Energy-Based Pushover Analysis, is a routine in Matlab © that stores, manipulates and presents output data generated by seismic analysis performed on 2D structural models. The steps to be taken for the correct use of the program are proposed in the User Manual (in Italian).

The user manual (in Italian) is saved in the same repository. It illustrates how to run the program, what type of tasks the software performs, and how the output is stored for future use.

After launching Matlab ©, run the file named  “PE.m” to start using the Graphic User Interface (GUI).

License:

Copyright © 2011 Enrico Tomassoli

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
